The Joe Rogan experience.
I know you're going to say some crazy and you're going to torpedo your
life. Now that you're a cult girl with strawberry blonde hair,
it's more a strawberry blonde.
It's a home job. It's, it's beautiful with yourself. So it's more, um,
my therapist would always say lean into this comfort what you don't like.
And I hate Ginger's. So I said, why don't I just like your.
Therapist has leaned into discussion.
Yeah. If there's something that like I'm in a men's group also. And they said,
and I told them, I said,
I'm going to go back on the Joe Rogan experience after four or five, six year.
I don't know when the last time I was here at five. Right.
I don't know it's been awhile.
And so they go lean into the discomfort,
start with what you least want to share. And I go,
this is me trying to, they don't know you that well.
That's terrible advice for you.
So I sit there, I'm driving over here and I go, okay.
Start with what I at least want to share. I pulled over on, uh, uh,
van Nuys Boulevard and a puked. Yeah, I puked. Wow. Um, uh,
I have, uh, I don't get nervous. I, you know, I used to run my own podcasts.
I've talked to you a million times. Um,
like I just had like a visceral response and I was like,
and I just pulled over on van Nuys. And I think someone took a picture of me.
So you're out there and, uh, I don't get nervous. Like these things,
like I'm, I'm able to just, uh, almost disassociate and like, whatever.
And just go ahead and just go into any situation. And I just felt,
you know, and I was like, oh, maybe it was the breakfast.
I ha I had a hard boiled egg and a chia pudding.
That's what I had for breakfast. So that's it, that's it.
And I pull over and I was like, oh my God, I'm nervous.
I'm just going to puke puke. I look across the street, there's a guy like,
and then I get in the car and I'm like,
do I really want to share with a Joe that I tried on like four different
outfits? Uh, last night. Um,
do I want to share with him that I got caught yesterday at, um,
I was eating at this place called Johnny Pistor armies in west Adams that just
opened, it's an old restaurant that just reopened.
And I know the guy that runs it, Danny. And he said, um, you know,
there's an outdoor, I only eat an outdoor spots right now. And I'm like,
what the? I'm so scared. I'm going to be canceled. If I talked to Joe,
that'd be fine. And then that way through this, I go,
I've been canceled so many times. Like I kinda like it. It feels good.
Yeah. I haven't been canceled since the age of real canceling.
The age of real canceling has been,
since you were on the podcast last that's when canceling is kicked up to new
level,
because now the pylons happen right before there was just
canceling. Like, you'd get in trouble for things.
Someone would write an article, they'd be like, oh my, what did David do?
He's crazy. But now the pylon,
the social media and the effectiveness of the pylon has been established.
So now whenever someone, anything happens to someone, all the,
the pylon people. But.
But I like, I like getting canceled. Like you enjoy it.
Did you see the Michael Jordan.
Documentary? I still haven't seen it.
All right. I'm not going to ruin it for you, but it's I heard it's awesome. It,
the actual filmmaking is kind of amateurish,
but the subject matter is so dynamic that like you're in it.
And like the guy's a full on gambling addict, you know? And,
and it's 12 episodes that could have probably been like four.
And the story is the same. It's just this guy,
didn't give me the best seat on the airplane. This,
this guy overlooked me in high school.
It's like all these slights and he takes it and he uses it as fuel.
And so I sit here and I go home driving to Joe Rogan's right now,
I'm scared to be canceled.
And I sit here and I go every horrible thing that's happened in my life,
physical abuse, sexual abuse, verbal abuse, spiritual abuse, prison,
getting my career taken away,
or this or anything has always led to bigger and better. So I'm like,
kind of like it, you know.
That's. Yeah, but that's just because you're a real person. Like you're not,
you're not full of in any way, shape or form. You might be crazy, but,
but you're a lovable crazy. And when people know who you actually are,
it's like, you have these moments where things are uncomfortable and you know,
and you're confronted with, you know, bad, a bad scene.
But then you rise above.
Thank you. I appreciate that. What is your, uh,
threshold with receiving compliments? My threshold. Yeah.
What's your comfort level? I haven't seen you in a long time. Yeah,
it's been awhile. Can I give you, can I give you five? Sure. Okay.
Um, you are you're you only look better as you get older. Oh,
you have a beautifully shaped skull. Like as an artist, as a sculptor,
like I painted you. I don't like the painting anymore.
I think I can do a better one now.
But it's an awesome painting. I'm like this guy.
Like all artists and sculptors out there, listening, paint, this guy's skull.
It's beautiful. Um, you're unbelievably,
uh, curious, inspirational.
You give me hope. You're funny. You're entertaining. And you're a leader.
Just talk to all your guys right now.
Like you're leading this charge to Texas right now. And, uh,
Europe, perfectly imperfect unrepeatable,
miracle of the universe. Wow. That's heavy. You're great, man.
Well, that's very sweet of you. I appreciate you. Thank you very much, man.
That's very nice of you. Yeah. I.
I love, you know, I haven't talked to you in a long time, but I told you I just,
I, I I'm sure a lot of people feel this way. You're just on all the time.
You're in, on YouTube or on a podcast or on someone else's podcast.
So I still I'm like. I think about you. You're in my you're in my head.
Can I give you a on air gift? Sure. Um, I was,
while I was trying on all my outfits last night, I was like,
I want to see who Joe's talking to. This is Mike smells like post Malone.
So I was, uh, I was painting last night and I made you a shirt. Oh my goodness.
Cause you guys got on a little thing. I didn't listen to the whole episode yet.
Cause it's four hours. But um,
you were talking about ghosts at the beach ghosts on the beach.
So there's a ghost on the beach right there. Well,
I didn't make the it's it's uh, you see the ghost,
you see the ghosts on the front.
That's awesome. You can give it away.
I'm going to wear the out of this very much. Yeah.
That's so cool.
You're welcome. That's awesome, man. Coastal the beach. Yeah.
You never see ghosts on the beach. All the ghost stories are always at night.
That's true.
Right? Yeah. That was a good point. I felt like I made a good point.
That was a great point because like everyone, I mean, if ghosts.
Were real, like if they were really scary, you'd see them in cool times.
Like at the pool, you know, Vegas drinking,
everybody's having fun. ghost shows up, freaks everybody out. Never.
So, um, I got all the embarrassing stuff out of the way I think. Oh no.
So I was at this outdoor restaurant eating at the corner
and not having a full on panic, panic attack, but I have a nice,
beautiful, wonderful, quiet life. Now I'm not on the air.
I don't do podcasts. I don't do interviews. I'm not,
I'm not like my life is amazing.
Like I completely changed my life since the last time I saw you and I
go, I do want to talk to Joe, but maybe, you know,
maybe we'll just talk to you on the phone or go visit you in Texas. Like,
do I need to go on the air?
Give me that option. I was like, you don't have to do this, but.
Right. But I'm a sick person, but you're a fun guy. You're fun.
People enjoy listening to.
You. So I had this, uh,
sculpture that I made and it was in my car and I just brought it out and I sat
next to it. And I said, I'm just going to prepare a little bit.
So I started preparing for the Joe Rogan experience and I started talking to
this sculpture and I'm like, looking, I'm like, you know, it was three o'clock.
There was no one eating there. And I got caught, I got caught.
Like I talking to a sculpture, talking to sculpture.
I was talking to this thing I made. And it wasn't a, it wasn't a friend,
but it was a guy I knew. And he's like, Dave comes over and I'm like, oh dude.
And he's like, shame red face. I'm like, oh, Hey. And he's like.
Are you talking to thing right now? And I was like, oh yeah,
I'm going on this thing tomorrow. I just wanted to prepare a little bit.
I'm a little bit nervous. I got my nerves. Um, um, cause I talked to you what?
Thursday? No. I talked to you a few days ago
and we talked for a while and I'm like, this guy is a professional talker.
He's a commentator. He's a standup.
He has his podcast that on for hours and hours, thousands of hours,
it's an art, you're a painter. You're a MMA artist in, in, in my world.
I'm also an MME artist, mixed media artists. Right? That's uh,
the bisexual of painting. It's like, you use everything, everything,
anything goes. So I go, this guy is so good at it.
Cause I got off the phone with you and I'm like, he's so good at talking.
He's so good at talking. And he's just, it's like,
it's like when you practice something so much that you don't even know how, how,
how good you are at it. You know? And um, even, even,
even your podcasts, they, they go on for a few hours,
which is against every everyone's like, oh kids,
they have no attention span these days. It's like 10 seconds, 15 seconds.
It's take talks or Instagram. I mean,
here's this guy he's talking to post Malone for four hours and,
and making it seem just seamless and effortless.
And that's because you're a master at it.
And I go I'm uh,
my confidence level is as far as this art form is low.
I don't talk to people anymore. I mean, I talk to my friends,
but I don't talk as storytelling or entertainment. Um,
my memory is shot to. I can't,
I watched three seasons of Ozark and I can't even tell you anyone's name. I go,
there's Jason Bateman. And there's the kid and the kid with the drone.
And I don't know the wife, I don't know anyone's names. I can't recall anything.
Um, and, and you have all these scientists that are brilliant.
You have comedians. And everyone's like quick-witted and they're fast.
And they're, and I go, I'm dim with it. I'm like a, uh,
human soft serve. I'm like, I can't and comparing.
Yourself to the other people. I've got to let that go right now. Well,
you are who you are, the applicant can't do what you do.
Um, that's true. Yeah. Your abstract.
Way of thinking, like the way you are as a person. Uh you're.
You're so freely yourself. That's what allows you to create such amazing art.
Like you just you're free. Some people can't be themselves and not good at it.
You're really good at being David Cho.
Thank you. I'm horrible at taking compliments by the way. So.
It's uncomfortable for everybody. I think, unless you're.
A real creed that you did a great right now, you're awesome. That was good.
Could have, could have done more. Could have given you like.
We're good. You want to hear something funny? Okay.
So the reason why it kind of did that was I wake up every
morning, racked with anxiety and nerves and it starts immediately.
You're a piece of. You're no good people. You don't like you, this and that.
And then like, what did I say when you showed me my painting from 2018,
I immediately have to self DEP. That's not that good. I could do a better one.
So I, um,
I talked to my therapist about it. I say, I don't have a self.
I don't have a high self opinion of myself. And they go, well,
an average human living in society today from morning till night
will say thousands of horrible things about themselves. Like thousands.
Like I'm not good enough. I'm fat, I'm ugly. This and that. Just,
and for you to say just a few nice things. I'm like,
one of those is some Stuart Smalley, and I'm good enough.
And I'm PR and they go see you did it again. You just went right into it. Like,
why can't you say you're a good painter? You know, you're a good painter.
Why can't you say you're? And so they go give me five right now, five. What?
Say five things about yourself that, that, and I, I couldn't give him one.
I couldn't give him one. And, and they were like,
don't you think that's always been the case? I think so. I think it's a
to go into that kind of self hatred is I could sit here and say, it's a, um,
Korean thing, K rage, but it's Cambridge.
They said, you know, take a stick of deodorant, go home tonight and write,
I am enough on your, on your mirror. So you see it every morning.
And I go, I'm not doing that. That's retarded deodorant.
Yeah. They go, we're at, you're paying us. You're here. Just do it. All right,
fine. I'll do it. I go and I write, I am I miss spell it? E N U F F I am enough.
And then I go next week and they go, so how's it going? You know,
brushing your teeth. You okay. I'm enough. I can't see it. They're like,
what kind of deodorant did you use? You know, the clear invisible one. No,
get the thick white, chunky, whatever. Yeah.
Old spice and like, uh, like you're graffiti artists. Right.
So, okay. And I, and I said,
I can do it, but I don't believe it.
Cause I can sit here and tell you the amount of times in my life that I wasn't
enough. Like I can sit here and go through many,
many stories of women dumping me for richer.
Better looking more famous, better.
This better that I can tell you of jobs I didn't get. So I, I'm not enough.
And I'm not, you know, so, and it's this struggle.
It's this burning like the Michael Jordan. Like I got a, I'm not,
I'm not at war. I'm not, you can't cancel me. I've already canceled myself.
How are you going to cancel someone who's already canceled it. There's nothing.
You're going to say, there's nothing you're going to do.
That's going to outweigh anything. I've already said to myself, you a, that guy.
Sucks. He's ugly. He's fat. He's just full, full of.
That I've already said that, you know. So.
Do you think that fuels your art? Do you think there's a benefit? Absolutely.
Absolutely.
But you know,
there's been that there's been that debate forever.
How do you create great art? And I'm not talking about good art,
but like the transcendent art, the heart that like is you remember it,
your it'll on for generations. And it's like, oh,
it's like the Picasso and van Gogh and all the comedians that
hate them. It's it. Wasn't a debate for me.
When I look at the art that I enjoy the comedy that I like,
the music that I like, you must suffer. You must suffer.
You have to suffer. Uh, comfort is the, is the killer of creativity.
That's what I used to say. And you know, and I, you know,
I'm saying it now, but like, I'd be like in a room like ranting, this.
Comfort is the killer of create. You got to Mister killer of everything, man.
But I'm rich as. Yeah. I'm very comfortable.
With, but you're, you're comfortable financially, but that's how you keep sharp.
You keep sharp by not being comfortable in.
Other ways. So I sit there and I, and I'm going off on this rant.
I'm like in a echo chamber. They're like,
how long have you been telling this story for my whole life?
I believe it's not a debate for me. Right? For do you know,
great artists that are comfortable and they're happy. And they're like,
they have loving families and they're.
Digital, always something. There's always something, right?
I think you can have a balance, but you have to have this thing. Right?
Whatever that thing is, there's gotta be some sort of a struggle.
And, and that was never a debate for me. I go,
there has to be that struggle and they go, but what if you take it away?
Like what if you chose happiness over great art? What if you chose?
And they go Dave,
for someone who's rebelled and like made your own rules and done everything your
own way. It's so weird that you just kind of accept this. They go Ken,
like what you just said, Ken, great transcendent.
Next level art be created without that thing, without that edge,
without with you pursuing joy and peace and love in your life.
And I go, you know what? Never tried it.
I never tried it. Well, why haven't you tried it? What'd you just say,
I don't know.
F E P S H fear. Ego pride, shame.
Humiliation. That's why you never tried it. All right. You know,
and I go, you know what? I'll try it. And I'm today,
I'm the happiest I've ever been.
[Inaudible].